README.md, before:

# my-favorite-psych-books
This repo is a reflection of my passion for psychology and a fun way to practice coding at the same time. Each book featured here has had a meaningful impact on my own journey, and I hope it offers the same insight and encouragement to others.

## Emotional Agility
<img src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71NREGxbytL._AC_UF1000,1000_QL80_.jpg" alt="Emotional Agility book cover" width="200" height="300" />

- [Book Link](https://www.susandavid.com/book/)
- *Emotional Agility* by Susan David is a guide to navigating life’s challenges with flexibility and self-compassion by developing healthier relationships with our emotions, thoughts, and behaviors.
- [Downloadable notecard](/notecard1)

## The Wisdom of Your Body
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f9d743d3-e915-49ae-95d1-907e46fc9392" alt="The Wisdom of Your Body book cover" width="250" height="250" />

- [Book Link](https://hillarylmcbride.com/the-wisdom-of-your-body/)
- *The Wisdom of Your Body* by Hillary McBride invites readers to rediscover the beauty and wisdom within their bodies, which carry innate knowledge about what we need physically, emotionally, and spiritually. It challenges disconnection, shame, and harmful cultural narratives, offering a path to healing and wholeness through compassion, presence, and radical acceptance.
- [Downloadable notecard](/notecard1)

## Burnout: The Secret to Unlocking the Stress Cycle
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/41c7ec16-b396-478a-b80c-83e120370bbf" alt="Burnout book cover" width="200" height="300" />

- [Book Link](https://www.emilynagoski.com/books)
- Summary
- [Downloadable notecard](/notecard1)

## The Body Keeps the Score
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f155021c-a0ff-4301-a9e2-e64d7b612690" alt="The Body Keeps the Score book cover" width="200" height="300" />

- [Book Link](https://google.com)
- Summary
- [Downloadable notecard](/notecard1)

## How To Be The Love You Seek
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0916a375-aa53-4fef-97e5-c855e417ffed" alt="How to be the Love You Seek book cover" width="200" height="300" />

- [Book Link](https://google.com)
- Summary
- [Downloadable notecard](/notecard1)

## Secure Relating
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3d691dd4-3d82-44a0-9b2a-264a0c1b5aef" alt="Secure Relating book cover" width="200" height="300" />

- [Book Link](https://google.com)
- Summary
- [Downloadable notecard](/notecard1)

  ## The Drama of the Gifted Child
  <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/91f0cd44-59a3-4fd3-ae70-f765fb73422e" alt="The Drama of the Gifted Child book cover" width="200" height="300" />
  
- [Book Link](https://google.com)
- Summary
- [Downloadable notecard](/notecard1)

Commit message:

Added Learn more links and updated page summary

README.md, after:

# my-favorite-psych-books
This repo is a reflection of my passion for psychology and a fun way to practice coding at the same time. Each book featured here has had a meaningful impact on my own journey, and I hope it offers the same insight and encouragement to others. I’ve also created downloadable notecards featuring some of my favorite quotes and lessons from the books so you can carry their wisdom with you when you need it most. 

## Emotional Agility
<img src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71NREGxbytL._AC_UF1000,1000_QL80_.jpg" alt="Emotional Agility book cover" width="200" height="300" />


*Emotional Agility* by Susan David is a guide to navigating life’s challenges with flexibility and self-compassion by developing healthier relationships with our emotions, thoughts, and behaviors. By fostering emotional agility, we can stop being dominated by our emotions or rigid self-narratives and instead live a more values-driven, purposeful, and adaptive life.
- [Learn More](https://www.susandavid.com/book/)
- [Downloadable notecard](/notecard1)

## The Wisdom of Your Body
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5fc179a2-3b2d-47ef-9806-7f4ccc891086" alt="The Wisdom of Your Body book cover" width="200" height="300" />

*The Wisdom of Your Body* by Hillary McBride invites readers to rediscover the beauty and wisdom within their bodies, which carry innate knowledge about what we need physically, emotionally, and spiritually. It challenges disconnection, shame, and harmful cultural narratives, offering a path to healing and wholeness through compassion, presence, and radical acceptance.
- [Learn More](https://hillarylmcbride.com/the-wisdom-of-your-body/)
- [Downloadable notecard](/notecard1)

## Burnout: The Secret to Unlocking the Stress Cycle
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/41c7ec16-b396-478a-b80c-83e120370bbf" alt="Burnout book cover" width="200" height="300" />

Summary
- [Learn More](https://www.emilynagoski.com/books)
- [Downloadable notecard](/notecard1)

## The Body Keeps the Score
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f155021c-a0ff-4301-a9e2-e64d7b612690" alt="The Body Keeps the Score book cover" width="200" height="300" />

Summary
- [Learn More](https://www.besselvanderkolk.com/resources/the-body-keeps-the-score)
- [Downloadable notecard](/notecard1)

## How To Be The Love You Seek
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0916a375-aa53-4fef-97e5-c855e417ffed" alt="How to be the Love You Seek book cover" width="200" height="300" />

Summary
- [Learn More](https://howtobetheloveyouseek.com/)
- [Downloadable notecard](/notecard1)

## Secure Relating
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3d691dd4-3d82-44a0-9b2a-264a0c1b5aef" alt="Secure Relating book cover" width="200" height="300" />

Summary
- [Learn More](https://therapistuncensored.com/secure-relating/)
- [Downloadable notecard](/notecard1)

## The Drama of the Gifted Child
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d59b85ab-0c55-48d4-825f-16f301fa13d8" alt="The Drama of the Gifted Child book cover" width="200" height="300" />
  
*The Drama of the Gifted Child* by Alice Miller explores the lasting impact of childhood experiences, particularly how children often suppress their true emotions and needs to meet the expectations of their caregivers. This self-denial can lead to emotional struggles and disconnection in adulthood, but Miller offers insights into breaking these patterns and reconnecting with one’s authentic self.

Now, I have to say—I wish this book had a different title. But as you get further into it, you'll come to understand the deeper meaning behind it: the "gift" isn’t about intellect or achievement, but the profound ability of children to adapt and survive emotionally, often at great personal cost.
- [Get the Book](https://www.amazon.com/Drama-Gifted-Child-Search-Revised/dp/0465016901/ref=tmm_pap_swatch_0?_encoding=UTF8&dib_tag=se&dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9.UgqFVpZ5EYqh3FOi40QxwPX0pJ61gC5FxiNMijShCqoIFwKmvEecr1fAyWZiX7Y2H4l86SGOosNaLorM3yMqZicQlgABoDWwO85nw3r7n8IfsLedsSAvPbkCdL5kMh3jenbHsvXZHHuv82dP2ThnLCPWpOHPs6uUwz8HeAdHBpinPubwW78aZI3MJjoJ_zzuqwUBqZP5Pv6S9ex3JG6ItO5Yfncu6rSZjjgz166aLlo.gfxcSJkaUTBHeKSPYQQQKDkIovQKvLdHK22lE7d73fk&qid=1735794447&sr=8-2)
- [Downloadable notecard](/notecard1)
